Adding info on how to add a rust module to qiskit and make it available from within python (#12852)
Qiskit/qiskit: crates/accelerate/README.md

The `qiskit-pyext` crate is what actually builds the C extension modules.  Modules in here should define
themselves has being submodules of `qiskit._accelerate`, and then the `qiskit-pyext` crate should bind them
into its `fn _accelerate` when it's making the C extension.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add a sub-title to make it more readable
```suggestion
### Adding a module to `_accelerate`
```

Specifically, adding a rust module `my_module` to Qiskit such that it can be called from within Python involves
the following steps:

> 1. Add `pub fn my_module(m: &Bound<PyModule>) -> PyResult<()>` to your `my_module.rs` file with `m.add_wrapped(wrap_pyfunction!(mymodulefunction))?;` for new functions and `m.add_class::<MyModuleClass>()?;` for new classes.

Reviewer: This could work better with a code block:
```suggestion
1. Add a module function to your to your `my_module.rs` file, it should look similar to this:
  
     ```rust
     pub fn my_module(m: &Bound<PyModule>) -> PyResult<()> {}
     ```
     The body of this function should add each class/method/function that you want to be exposed to python through this module. It should look similar to this:
     ```rust
     pub fn my_module(m: &Bound<PyModule>) -> PyResult<()> {
        m.add_wrapped(wrap_pyfunction!(mymodulefunction))?; // For functions.
        m.add_class::<MyModuleClass>()?; // For classes.
     }
     ```
```

> 2. Add `pub mod my_module` to  `crates/accelerate/src/lib.rs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To expose the module add `pub mod my_module` at the header of `crates/accelerate/src/lib.rs`.
   ```rust
   pub mod mymodule;
   ...
   ```
```

The `qiskit-pyext` crate is what actually builds the C extension modules.  Modules in here should define
themselves has being submodules of `qiskit._accelerate`, and then the `qiskit-pyext` crate should bind them
into its `fn _accelerate` when it's making the C extension.
### Adding a module to `_accelerate`
Specifically, adding a rust module `my_module` to Qiskit such that it can be called from within Python involves
the following steps:
1. Add a module function to your to your `my_module.rs` file, it should look similar to this:
  
     ```rust
     pub fn my_module(m: &Bound<PyModule>) -> PyResult<()> {}

>      ```

Reviewer 2: These actually usually _ought_ to be tagged with a `#[pymodule]` attribute, but since #12889, this is actually temporarily correct.  It'll change to being `#[pymodule(submodule)]` when we update to PyO3 0.22, though.

     The body of this function should add each class/method/function that you want to be exposed to python through this module. It should look similar to this:
     ```rust
     pub fn my_module(m: &Bound<PyModule>) -> PyResult<()> {
        m.add_wrapped(wrap_pyfunction!(mymodulefunction))?; // For functions.
        m.add_class::<MyModuleClass>()?; // For classes.
     }
     ```
2. To expose the module add `pub mod my_module` at the header of `crates/accelerate/src/lib.rs`.
   ```rust
   pub mod mymodule;
   ...
3. To `crates/pyext/src/lib.rs` 
   * Add my_module::my_module to `use qiskit_accelerate::{`

>    * Add `add_submodule(m, my_module, "my_module")?;`

Reviewer 2: The second bullet doesn't explain where that line goes, though hopefully people would be able to tell.

As of #12889, the second bullet is also a little bit out-of-date - could you update it for now, and when we upgrade to PyO3 0.22, we'll change it to the preferred form for that.
